OPL-10829: IRONdb 1.4.0 and IRONdb 1.3.0 Release Notes (#55)
circonus/product-docs: irondb/release-notes.md

# Release Notes

## Changes in 1.4.0

2024-11-05

**NOTE: This release deprecates legacy histograms. Histogram shards must be configured before
upgrading to this release. If this is not done, nodes may not start up after the upgrade.**

 * Fix use after free bug that could occasionally happen due to a race when fetching raw data.
 * Fix potential memory leak on certain oil/activity data operations.

>  * Fix fetch bug where C style `calloc` allocations were being mixed with C++ styles `delete`s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Fix fetch bug where C-style `calloc` allocations were being mixed with C++-style `delete`s.
```

 * Add new paramter to whisper config, `end_epoch_time`, that takes an epoch timestamp and directs

>    the code to not look in whisper files if the fetch time is after this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the code to not look in whisper files if the fetch window starts after this time.
```

 * Fix bug where histogram ingestion data was not being sent properly during rebalance operations.
 * Fix bug where histogram rollup data was not being reconstituted during reconstitute operations.
 * Add `get_engine` parameter to histogram data retrieval to allow pulling from either rollups
   or ingestion data.

>  * Remove opening of new LMDB transaction when reading data for merging NNTBS blocks together.

Reviewer: Perhaps better as "Do not open a new LMDB transaction when..."?

>  * Remove support for mdbx as alternate NNTBS database type.

Reviewer: I don't think we need this entry, as we never released support for mdbx.

Author: Removed

 * Remove all support for legacy, non-sharded histograms.
 * Fix bug where if a raw shard rollup was aborted after being scheduled but before actually starting,
   multiple rollups could end up triggering at once.
 * Fix rename bug where type was not getting set when failing to send NNTBS data.
 * Add header to the `/rename` endpoint to `X-Snowth-Activity-Data-Mode`, which can accept either
  `use_existing` or `create_new` as values.
 * Treat `MDB_CORRUPTED`, `MDB_PAGE_FULL`, `MDB_TXN_FULL`, `MDB_BAD_TXN`, and `ENOMEM` as LMDB
   corruption consistently when checking for errors.
 * Allow switching between a fixed activity data merge and disabling the activity window update when

>    using the `/merge/nntbs` endpoint to send data to a node.

Reviewer: I don't quite parse this, though I think I understand the gist of it. Could we try something like "Allow toggling activity updates on or off..."?

Author: Changed to:
```
 * When using the `/merge/nntbs` endpoint to send data to a node, allow either updating the receiving
   node's activity data using the incoming NNTBS data or leaving it as is and not updating it.
```
